{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Comp303 Assignment 2\
Tolga Sumer \
64534\
\
This assignment contains 3 sections.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Section 1: Sorting 
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Implements Insertion sort algorithm on a list of integers. \u8232 \'a0Takes the size of list as command line argument.  \u8232 \'a0Inputs the elements of list one by one. \u8232 Implements Insertion sort algorithm. \u8232 Prints sorted list on the console. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b Section 2: Removing duplicates
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Removes multiple occurrences of the elements from sorted list. Prints the new list with all unique elements. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b Section 3: Reduction 
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Sums up the elements of the new list with unique elements and print the sum on the console. Exits the program with an exit message. \u8232 \
However my code only can takes the size of a list as command line argument, and thus takes the inputs one by one. But after it gets stuck in a loop and doesn\'92t continue. I couldn\'92t fix this bug. That\'92s why I don\'92t know if the remaining part will work or not. However I tried to implement an insertion sort algorithm,  but in my opinion it lists the outputs as descending order. In print with duplicates and print without duplicates I only wrote the print part because I couldn\'92t find a way to remove the duplicates in the time given. The summation part, in my opinion, should work fine but I couldn\'92t test it because as I said I got stuck in a loop. }